BrowserHistory1 was the most difficult and frustrating of the three WODs we had to complete. I think it was because it was the very first one and was very nerve racking. I get very anxious when I am being recorded, so I knew it would take me several attempts. Also, BrowserHistory1 was essentially the base code for the other two. I complied and tried to do it on my own until I got stuck. Then I watched the screencast solution to see where I went wrong. I pretty much spent all Saturday doing this to get it right. I indicated 10 attempts because that was the number of times it took me to try it. I had to stop and start 15 other times because of technical difficulties, unrelated to the WOD exercise, so I did not count that. I felt I understood the WOD well and was able to go through it in Rx time after the 4th or 5th attempt. I did it in 13 minutes. The technical issues were the most frustrating and took most of the time.  
The WOD for BrowserHistory2 was much easier than the first WOD. I did it in 5.62 minutes. Again, it took longer to record than it should have, and I completed it in 5 attempts. I tried it without watching the screencast first and then after the second time, I watched the screencast and found where I had made the mistakes. This exercise was much easier than BrowserHistory1. 
The BrowserHistory3 WOD was the easiest of them all, but I kept messing up and had to keep trying to find my mistakes. I attempted the exercise without watching the screencast first and then watched it to see where my mistakes were. I had to do it many times because I was rushing and making stupid mistakes. Each time I stopped, I realized I was just missing one semi-colon or misspelled a word. I got tired and I spent a lot of unnecessary time on this one. If I took my time, I think I could have completed it in 3 or 4 tries. I am still also very anxious about the recording part. 
Learn from my mistakes. Slow down and relax. You will save yourself a lot of time in having to do the exercise an inordinate amount of time.
