E4: Progress in Programming Report

My programming skills have greatly improved in the sense where I am becoming more familiar with how things work and how to structure the commands to work properly. I am becoming more confident in how to use loops, strings, arrays, and objects. However, I am still working on improving things. My fundamental understanding was extremely unstable at the beginning of the semester, and it took a lot of trial and error to find the answers. 

I still have much to work on to improve my programming skills. I need to keep practicing the tasks and becoming faster at doing the work because I am spending an exorbitant amount of time trying to figure things out through trial and error. I still need more practice on the server.js page. Sometimes I feel confident, and I think I am getting it. However, when my page stops working or does not work properly, I become discouraged to try different things because I have already spent 12 hours trying to figure it out. 

I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast. However, I found the screencast to be an extremely helpful tool. While some might use the screen cast to merely complete the assignment, I found it to be an excellent learning experience and confidence builder. It provides real world examples on how to use the concepts learned in the lecture. It also saves a lot of time in having to do a lot of trial and error. It certainly provides clarity to why things will work the way they do. I have learned a lot from the WOD screencasts that I may have not understood in the lectures. 

The labs have helped me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence. It was helpful to go through the labs in class with the professor because it connects some of the concepts to the actions. It would be helpful to go over all the tasks in the labs and receiving more examples with further explanation. Perhaps some more concise tasks or mini activities on each of the subjects. I understand that at times we must be resourceful in finding the answer, but it is quite discouraging if we are spending a lot of time through trial and error and trying figure out the answer by researching on our own.

I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2. I realized that I had the wrong approach in doing Assignment 1. I had to start over three times. I believe I had challenges in what I had in mind for my store, versus my capabilities in executing them. Sometimes simplicity is a better route to take. 
I think the class can be improved to help my learning by having clearer instructions. There have been a few times where my peers and I found that the instructions did not make sense or were later corrected. I also believe at the basic stage in learning programming, having to do research to find the answer isn’t the best way to learn. The student becomes frustrated and discouraged by the time they can build the foundation to become better programmers. Building a better foundation would build confidence in thinking about how to strategically attach the task. It would also give the student the ability to know how to go about their research because they are stronger with the fundamentals. 

There were a few things that helped the most in class. The WODs were a good booster because you had to repeat the same tasks over and over to hit your speed target. The concepts suck and built confidence due to the repetitiveness. Screencasts were also extremely helpful where the student can re-watch a concept that they didn’t quite understand the first time in class. One on one help was also extremely helpful when I was stuck in a place that I could not get out. Also working with classmates was great. Discord is a great forum for collaboration with classmates who have the same issues or some that can offer help. 
